The shuttle is quite spacious. The TV is displaying recent news. According to the news report, several bands of interstellar pirates have been robbing shuttle ships full of passengers. Strangely, every shuttle was turned into a ghost ship -- the pirates didn't take money, they took everyone on board. The families of the passengers have not received any blackmail information till now. No one knows where they go. What’s more, according to the testimony of the passengers who survived, the leader of the pirates was a siren! It’s hard for you to believe it. Siren, those unintelligent creatures can lead a bunch of pirates? A girl next to you wearing a black and red dress also says, "That's so weird! If I’m a pirate, I will rob all of their money!"

You want to make a joke. Suddenly, you feel a great jerk in the hull. "Explosion! There's an explosion!" Alarm went off, someone shouted, "Pirates! The pirates are on board!!" The girl in the black and red slowly unbuckles her seat belt, stands up, and pulls out a shotgun from under the seat... A shotgun! She raises her right arm, points the gun at the ceiling and fired. The loud gunfire scared everyone to the ground. "Well, ladies and gentlemen, you are honored to have been robbed by my squad. I am not as rigid as the rest of my colleagues -- as long as you give me enough money, I will consider letting you go. If you can't, you'll have to be taken away~"

Without hesitation, you pull out your standard Star Alliance hand cannon and shoot at the girl. The shell hit the girl accurately, leaving a large hole in her body. But the girl didn't fall down like an ordinary person—countless tentacles squirmed out, healing her body instantly. “Woooow—look who we got—a respected investigator! Seems like we're gonna have to pull something off! " Says the girl. Her body began to swell and distort unnaturally – she is a siren! Without thinking too much about it, you strap on your Alliance-issued headphones and set your gun to charge mode. The headset can adjust the siren screaming into human acceptable range. As long as you can take enough sound attacks, your hand cannon will be charged enough to destroy the enemy! Let's fight!

