The battle is fierce, and the black monster go really mad when it saw you. You and several investigators work together, but still can't defeat the sirens in the hall. The fight lasts too long, your spirit can barely hold on. In a trance, you suddenly realize the crazy shout of the black monster through the earphone: “……Christa?! Christa!! NoNoNoNoNoNo——Leave! Christa!! Go!! Leave this place!!! Christa——” 

It is William's voice.

Extreme shock catches you. At this very moment, another humanoid monster suddenly jumped out from the background—incredibly, it is wearing a set of Interstellar Federation standard equipment! It jumps into the air and punches the black monster as its face. It looks very familiar to you - does this monster look like the one that attacked you on IFIB shuttle? More standard monsters jump out, killing all the sirens in the venue. Your superior orders your team to evacuate the battle and hand it over to the “military special force”. 
But you don't want to leave! Is that black siren William?! You see the military monster ripping open the black monster with its bare hands—a human figure emerges from the inside of the black monster, and it seemed to be still wearing the investigator's clothes. "William!!!" You rush to his place and shoot off the military monster's arm. The torn black monster falls down, and you can clearly see William's face inside. Your head almost short-circuited—without time to think, you pull up the half “William” and escape out of the venue.

After the incident, the IFIB locked down the venue to investigate the siren's presence and explain the sudden appearance of the monster army to the public. Many of the businessmen who were lucky enough to escape showed a feverish interest in the military monsters.

IFIB High-Secret Operations Log:
"...IFIB losses: injured, 8; serious injured, 3; defected, 1. The defector Christa has been entered on the federal wanted list, and is listed at the same level as the defector William. All the sirens placed in the venue have been retrieved. The handover with the military has been completed. 5 orders of siren-soldier have been set; 10 orders are still under consideration... The members of the defected experimental subject organization, Nyarlathotep, have been wiped out in this galaxy. The rest have fled to Neighboring galaxies. Adjust Nyarlathotep’s risk level grade from normal to slight...”
