That siren's growl pierces through your earphones. You want to end the battle quickly, when suddenly you find that the siren seems to have been muttering a series of irregular numbers: "...31457...526078...31457...526078..." You remembered the numbers and kills it. You decide to take a break, regain your sanity, and then contact the Investigation Bureau. In a secret compartment, you found a small cross-domain telecommunication device. It is still on. Apparently, people here left in a hurry. You tentatively entered the numbers. It is unlocked. By the skills you learned in your training, you recover the communication history of this device. 

Mar.30th. “357 calling 259. Guess what? We caught an investigator! But this kid came to us on his own. He saw something he shouldn't have seen, and those big shots chased him away. He was knocked out by our boss, still lying there like dead.”
Apr.1st. “Happy April Fool's Day my dear 259! Are those newly arrived compatriots better? By the way, that investigator woke up, the boss is grilling him.”
Apr.6th. “357 Regular contact 259. I had no idea that those official pigs were actually doing this. Turning human into siren! Can you believe it? Investigator boy says there's gonna be more victims.”
Apr.13th. “357 Regular contact 259. I heard that the lackey pirates hired by the Interstellar Federation have been rampant recently. They have taken away bunches of people from shuttles. Why do they need so many people? Are they really being siren feed?”
Apr 20th. “357 Regular contact 259. The boss’s boss, that guy who really named Nyarlathotep has given instructions. We're going to intercept the closest pirate ship to save those poor souls. The investigator boy will cover us and deal with the lead siren. Hijack the pirate ship! Can you believe it!” 
The latest one, no timestamp. “357 Calling 259, 357 calling 259! Tell that investigator boy the IFIB has found the relic! You need to immediately evacuate! You need to immediately evacuate!”

The Interstellar Federal Investigation Bureau followed your message and soon arrived the planet. You and several other investigators give this place a thorough investigation. You secretly removed the memory module of the communication device and put it in your bag.
